[instrumental music]
Hey, Steph, I just came from
my conference with your teacher.
Did you have a nice visit?
Honey, everything's fine.
Ms. Claire just
told me you're having
some trouble
learning your fractions.
I don't get it.
I used to be a math-whiz.
Now, I'm a math-weenie.
You've got nothing
to worry about
because Miss Claire
gave me some great ideas
to supplement everything
she's doing in school.
Your entire family
is gonna take you
on a magical journey
into the exciting
wonderful world
of fractions.
all around us.
They're back!
They're back! They're back!
Jesse and Rebecca are back
from their honeymoon?
They're back! They're back!
I just said that.
Don't you people listen?
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Aah ♪
♪ Whatever happened
to predictability ♪
♪ The milkman the paper boy ♪
♪ Evenin' TV ♪
♪ How did I get to livin' here ♪
♪ Somebody tell me please ♪
♪ This old world's
confusing me ♪
♪ Clouds as mean
as you've ever seen ♪
♪ Ain't a bird
who knows your tune ♪
♪ Then a little voice
inside you whispers ♪
♪ Kid don't sell
your dreams so soon ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a heart ♪
♪ A hand to hold on to ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ There's a face ♪
♪ Of somebody who needs you ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ When you're lost out there ♪
♪ And you're all alone ♪
♪ A light is waitin' ♪
♪ To carry you home ♪
♪ Everywhere you look ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪
[instrumental music]
- Hey!
Welcome back! Ow! Ow!
- Hey.
[cheering]
Oh, I missed you. I missed you.
Whoa! Comet.
Oh, dog breath. Go brush.
Stand back. Let me at him!
- Short stuff!
- Big guy!
Yeah!
[kissing]
So, how was Bora Bora?
Oh, it was beautiful, beautiful.
Here, I got the whole
honeymoon on tape.
Well, the outdoor stuff.
Well, we took
some home videos, too.
We figured that you would
wanna see every single thing
that happened
while you were gone last week.
Start with
"Danny makes tuna salad."
You'll laugh, you'll cry.
It's the feel-good
movie of the year.
You know, Jess,
I hate to say this but
if we're gonna
get you packed up
and moved over
to my apartment
we better get started.
Yeah, well, I guess
now is as good
a time as any, right?
Okay. Let's pack up.
Where are you going?
You just got here.
Michelle, I told you, now that
I'm married to your Aunt Becky
I'm gonna live
at Aunt Becky's house.
We're gonna
miss you so much.
Well, you guys don't
have to miss me yet.
- Help me pack. Come on.
- Okay.
Michelle,
is something wrong?
This is not good news.
Honey, we're still all
gonna be one big, happy family.
Now, cheer up.
It's moving day.
What is moving day?
Well, that's when we all
put everything into boxes
and load it
into a big red truck
and move to my apartment.
Now, doesn't
that sound like fun?
- You wanna help?
- You got it, dude.
Alright, babe.
We got work to do.
We're moving
to Aunt Becky's house.
[instrumental music]
Hey, Steph.
How's it going
with your fractions?
It's hopeless.
I'll be stuck
in third grade forever.
I'll be the only
100-year-old lady
carrying a Barbie
lunch box.
Steph, you're putting way
too much pressure on yourself.
Why don't we take
a little cupcake break?
Good idea. I don't wanna
look at one more fraction.
Hey, I'm with you.
[sighs]
Well, let's see.
There's two of us
and one whole cupcake.
So I guess I'll just cut it
into two equal pieces.
[gasps]
Oh, my goodness. Look.
There's one half for you
and one half for me.
Hey, that's not a cupcake.
That's a fraction!
Steph, I can't help it,
fractions are everywhere.
Now, suppose I cut those
two halves in a half.
- What do you call the pieces?
- Dessert?
- Thanks.
- Don't mind if I do.
[scoffs]
Next time I give a math lesson,
I'm using liver. Bye.
So, squirt, when are you moving
into Jesse's old room?
I don't know.
When I'm in the mood.
Well, you don't have to move
if you don't want to.
Thank you very much.
We'll move for ya.
Kimmy, grab an end.
Whoa, whoa!
Girls, let's talk about this.
Okay, I'm in the mood.
I'm in the mood.
♪ It's moving day
it's moving day ♪
♪ Hey baby hey ♪♪
I should be on the radio.
Hmm.
Comet, help me close this.
I need a bigger dog.
This thing's heavy.
What the heck you have in here?
My hair supplies.
Put 'em in the front seat
and belt them in.
You got it, dude.
[sniffs]
What do you bench?
Problem?
[laughing]
Well, that's the last of it.
You know, Jess, I always knew
you'd be movin' out someday.
I-I just can't believe
that day's finally here.
Ah, no sense getting sentimental
over this whole thing.
Oh, my little pink bunny.
Remember when your room
was totally covered
with Stephanie's pink bunnies?
Yeah.
I'll never forget
the day I moved in here.
Nice, huh?
Roomy.
Not overly masculine?
Oh, golly, it's swell.
You know what'd look great
over here by the window?
Barbie's dream house.
We've got one.
Look, Jesse, I just want
you to know that
having you and Joey here
really means a lot to me.
Just knowing somebody's here
who cares about the girls.
You know, they're
so happy you're here.
Oh, God bless you.
You're hugging me
in a room with pink bunnies.
I'm sorry, I..
- I'm an emotional guy.
- It's alright.
Okay, let's face it.
I'm a lean, mean
hugging machine.
Okay.
Danny...listen, um..
Pam was my big sister..
...and I loved her very much.
And I love your kids.
And I'm happy
to do what I can.
- Oh.
- Aah! You're hugging me again.
Now, listen,
you and me will sit down
we'll set aside
a special time for hugging
but not now.
Oh, great.
I live in Webster's room.
God, it's amazing.
Thought I was gonna
move in for two weeks
I ended up
staying four years.
[scoffs]
Well, things sure
have changed, though.
When you first came here, you
were a wild motorcycle-riding
Elvis-obsessed
rock and roller.
Now..
Well, your hair's
a little shorter in the back.
Jess, uh..
...in case I haven't
told you enough lately
thanks a lot for helping me
all this time.
Ah, what the heck.
Just-just this one time.
[both chuckle]
(in unison)
Aww.
And I get caught.
(in unison)
Aww.
[chuckles]
I'm all packed.
Let's go, people.
Michelle.
Didn't you hear we're moving
to Aunt Becky's?
Sweetie, uh..
...I think, you got things
a little mixed up.
You're not
goin' anywhere.
Uncle Jesse
is the one who's leavin'.
But we're supposed
to be a big, happy family.
The kid's really having
trouble with this.
Yeah. I'll go try to explain
to her why I'm leaving.
Michelle, I think it's time for
one of our world famous talks.
Man to munchkin.
Why are you leaving me?
Darling,
I'm not leaving you.
It's just that
I'm married now
and I have
to live with my wife.
It's kind of a tradition.
Listen, I-I-I'll be over here
all the time, I promise.
And I'm gonna
be working with Joey.
And I'm just a
ten minute walk from here.
Two minutes by car.
Three seconds by jet.
Are you still going
to sing me the teddy bear song?
No, not every night,
but-but your daddy and Joey
they-they'll sing
the song for you.
They sing..
I'll tape it for you.
I'm going to miss you.
Oh.
I'm gonna miss you, too, pal.
But we..
We have to put on
our bravest face now, okay?
We've got to be really brave
about this thing, alright?
So, let-let me see your brave
face. Can you smile for me?
Attagirl.
Alright, now that we've got
this bravery thing happening
I want you to give me
the biggest, most gigantic
most greatest hug you ever gave
me in the whole entire world.
Ready? And go!
Hug, hug, hug, hug!
[kissing]
Alright, attagirl!
This is a goodbye present.
Michelle, it's your pig.
Are you sure?
Yes, I'm sure.
Oh, in that case, here.
I want you to have this.
This is my pink bunny.
I want you to put
it up on the wall.
and whenever you look at it,
you can think of me, okay?
You got it, dude.
- Goodbye, Michelle.
- Goodbye, Uncle Jesse.
[instrumental music]
Alright. That's it.
That's the last load.
I'm not carrying one more
thing in this house.
Jess?
Aren't you
forgetting something?
Bride.
Threshold.
Alright. Hop on.
- Jess!
- I'm kidding.
I'm kidding.
A little newly wed humor.
- Alright. And she's up.
- Ow.
She's over. They kiss.
[screaming]
And she's down!
Well..
Boy, this is it.
Our new life in our new home
has officially started.
Yeah. Let's talk about this
new home of ours, shall we?
Let's regroup here
and take a look.
Now, uh...no offense
but, uh,
I think the motif here
is a little on the
girlie side, if you will.
Well, I am a girl.
Yes and that's one of the
main reasons I married you.
Point is
a man lives here now.
We've gotta
make it more manly
you know, like some
manly naugahyde over this
which will go quite nicely
with my hubcap
end tables right here.
Sweetheart, come sit down.
Now, before
we start redecorating
or putting your
stuff back into storage
why don't we just
sit back and relax
and pretend like
we're already unpacked?
Loving it.
Loving..
Oh.
Michelle's pig.
You know what I'd be doing
right now if I was home?
Honey, you are home.
I-I meant my old home.
Me and the guys would be singing
Michelle to sleep right now.
♪ Baby let me be ♪
♪ Your loving teddy bear ♪
♪ Put your chain
around my neck ♪
♪ And lead me anywhere ♪
♪ Oh let him be ♪
♪ Oh let me be ♪
♪ Your teddy bear ♪
♪ I just wanna be
your teddy bear ♪
♪ Ooh ♪
♪ Ooh ♪♪
That was a very good try.
I know, Michelle, we're missing
a third of our trio.
I miss Uncle Jesse.
Oh, I know, sweetie.
We all miss Uncle Jesse.
It's just gonna
take a little time
to get used to him
not living here.
But you're gonna see him
first thing in the morning.
So, the sooner
you fall asleep
sooner Uncle Jesse
will be here.
Really?
I'm getting very sleepy.
Goodnight, honey.
Goodnight, Joey.
Goodnight, daddy. I love you.
I love you, too.
Goodnight, Uncle Jesse.
Kimmy, do you know
where I am right now?
On my side of the room.
And guess
where I am right now?
I'm still on
my side of the room.
It's mine. All mine!
Howdy, neighbor?
Miss me?
Uh-oh. I'll call you back.
I have a visitor.
May I help you?
It's lonely sleeping
in Uncle Jesse's room.
I know. I miss him, too.
Well, goodnight.
Tell me..
...why are we so happy
we have our own rooms?
Because sleeping
in separate rooms
will bring us
closer together.
- It will?
- Well, sure.
See, we're together
all the time
so we never have a chance
to miss each other.
But now that we're apart
we can miss
each other like crazy.
And it'll
bring us closer together.
- Get it?
- I think so.
For us to get closer
I've got to
stay away from you?
Exactly.
Now try it.
I'm missing you already.
Really?
Oh, yeah.
I'm missing you even more.
I guess it's working.
We have never been closer.
Yes.
Okay, everybody,
who wants more pancakes?
- Me!
- I do!
Here you go.
Thank you very much.
You better make more.
These people look hungry.
Hey!
Uncle Jesse!
My family! Hello!
Oh, I've missed you all so much.
You guys missed
the cutest thing.
Danny says,
"Who wants more pancakes?"
Michelle took
the whole stack and said
[squeaking]
"You better make more,
these people are hungry."
It was funny,
Uncle Jesse.
Oh, I missed it?
Danny, tape these things.
Oh, no problem,
I'll just quit my job
and videotape their
every waking moment.
Good. Aw.
Isn't this great?
The whole family's
back together.
That's right.
One whole family.
What a perfect time
for a fractions lesson.
No! Please don't turn
my pancake into homework.
Steph, just relax.
This time I'm using people.
Everybody, stand up.
Alright, now listen,
we have seven people here.
And seven sevens
make a whole
so each person
is one seventh.
But Uncle Jesse
and Aunt Becky..
...they don't live
here anymore.
Yeah, but I'm still part
of the family, right?
Yes you are, but right now
you're a visual aid.
So..
...two sevens..
...from seven sevens..
...is how many?
One..
...two..
...three, four, five.
Five sevens.
And five sevenths
plus two sevenths
equals seven sevenths,
one whole family!
[chuckles]
Steph, you just added fractions.
- I did?
- Sure did.
I did, I did, I did!
Thanks, everybody.
I've got to get to school
while I'm still hot.
[laughing]
You know something?
Now that she's
out of my room
I think she's adorable.
Come on, Becky.
We better get to the studio.
Alright, Michelle, I'm gonna
drive you to preschool, honey.
Uncle Jesse, could you sing me
the teddy bear song tonight?
Sure, um...
would it be okay, honey?
We'll just have dinner
here and then
I can put her
to bed after that.
You know what, Jess,
that reminds me.
We can't sleep
at home tonight.
You know,
I-I completely forgot.
The exterminator is-is coming
over to spray for termites.
I-I set it up weeks ago.
Danny, i-is it okay if we sleep
in the attic tonight?
- Sure. No problem.
- Alright!
We're spending the night!
Did you hear that, buddy?
- We could have a pajama party.
- Great.
Should I wear my ninjas
or my California Raisins?
[upbeat music]
Twin cots.
Gee, I hope Wally and the Beav
don't come up and disturb us.
- Ward?
- Yes, June.
I have a confession.
We don't have termites.
Don't tell me it's silverfish.
I hate silverfish.
No, sweetheart, there aren't
any insects in our apartment.
I made it up because I..
...I just thought you could use
a little family reunion.
Was I that obvious?
Jess, you slept
with Michelle's pig.
Aw, this is
very sweet of you.
Now, come on, let's go home,
we don't wanna sleep
in this attic, do we?
Well, it's...kind of nice.
Like our own apartment,
you know.
It's cozy and private.
1,300 square feet,
fully insulated
with complete plumbing hookups
for a full bathroom.
Ideal for a young,
newly wed couple
saving to buy
their first home.
What are you getting at?
Well...I talked to Danny
about us living up here
and he thinks
it's a great idea, and so do I.
Ah, Beck..
Oh, this is nuts.
Honey, we're-we're
a married couple.
We're man and wife. We should
have a place of our own.
We could make
this place our own.
Well, look..
...I could never ask you
to make that kind of sacrifice
just because
I miss my family.
Yeah, but they're
my family, too and I love them.
And I love you.
Now, admit it.
You like this idea, don't you?
Well, there's-there's
nothing in the world
that would make me happier
than moving back
in with my family, but..
...are you sure about this?
I insist.
Okay.
As a favor to you,
we'll move back in.
[chuckles]
Hey, everybody, get up here!
He went for it!
- Alright!
- Yay!
Start the pajama party!
[laughs]
Aw, you guys are the best.
Thank you, Danny.
Aw, Jess, it's great
to have you back.
Wait a minute.
Joey, our equipment's up here.
- Where are we gonna work?
- Well, simple, Jess.
You guys move into attic.
I move into your room.
The studio moves into my room,
and Steph moves back in with..
Honey, I'm home!
Well, I guess it's worth it
to have Uncle Jesse
and Aunt Becky here.
I know, they say
you can't have it all
but I feel like I do.
I get the most
beautiful wife in the world..
...the greatest family.
Really cool hair..
...great bike, a shiny bike.
Jess, we-we get the picture.
Speaking of which, Michelle,
would you like to do the honors?
It'll be my pleasure.
Uncle Jesse, welcome home.
Hit it, boys!
♪ Well baby let me be ♪
♪ Wop doo wa do wa ♪
♪ Your loving teddy bear ♪
♪ Put a chain
around my neck.. ♪♪
[theme music]
♪ Ah ah ah ah ♪
♪ Dooby do ba ba dow ♪♪